---
layout: page
title: Account Deletion Request
---
# Effective Date: January 09 2024

Fresh Pass Inc. ("us," "we," or "our") operates the Fresh Pass service (the "Service"). This page informs you of the process you can follow to delete your personal data that is collected in order to provide services to you as a user, as described in our Privacy Policy. The completion of this request will result in the deletion of all of your personal data from the Fresh Pass platform.

## How to delete your account along with associated data from the Fresh Pass platform.

If you do not wish to use the app to delete your Fresh Pass account along with associated data, please follow the instructions below to start the Fresh Pass account deletion request process.

1. Send an email to support@thefreshpass.com that includes the email address you used to register with the Fresh Pass app.
2. A member of our team will then send a follow up email informing you that we are initiating the account and data deletion process for you, and will follow up with you when it is completed.

This process will completely wipe all of your data from Fresh Pass servers and databases. This will include deleting all of your personal data as well as review data you may have left for any barbers on the platform.


### Types of data that are deleted

As described in our Privacy Policy, various types of data are collected from you in order to enable us to provide you the best experience possible while using the Fresh Pass platform. When you follow the process above, these are the types of data that will be deleted along with your account, as well as the reason we had collected it in the first place.

#### Location Data

* Approximate Location - To show you barbers in your approximate area

#### Personal Data

* Name - To identify you as a customer to the barbers you receive services from
* Email address - Account authentication and security. We also send you emails to notify you about events on the platform that may require your attention.
* Phone Number - An optional data point that if provided lets us send you notifications to provide you better service in regards to appointment and scheduling services.

#### Financial Info

* Purchase History - We keep a record of each subscription transaction that occurs on our platform for accounting and archival purposes. These records are used to provide receipt of each subscription payment that is paid from the user (you) to the barber you are receiving services from.

#### Photos and videos

* Photos - Photos that you choose to upload are used to provide profile customization. Also includes photos you choose to upload as part of a review post for a barber's profile.

#### App activity

* App interactions - we collect anonymous data on how users interact with the app in order to build a better product and focus on what features users are using the most to provide a better user experience.

#### App info and performance

* Crash logs - In the unfortunate event you experience a crash while using the Fresh Pass app, we collect anonymous crash logs that contain data to help identify and fix the issue in future releases of the Fresh Pass app. This includes anonymous data such as your device model and OS (iOS, Android) version.

### Types of data that are kept

#### Financial Info

* Purchase History - We keep a record of each subscription transaction that occurs on our platform for accounting and archival purposes. These records are used to provide receipt of each subscription payment that is paid from the user (you) to the barber you are receiving services from. Since some barbers on the Fresh Pass platform integrate with Square, your historical transaction data generated by Fresh Pass may be retained on Square servers and databases after you delete your Fresh Pass account.

#### App activity

* Other user-generated content - All Review post content generated by the user for individual barbers.

### Changes to This Account Deletion Request Process

We may update our Processes from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Account Deletion Request Process on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Account Deletion Request, please contact us:

- **By email:** [support@thefreshpass.com](mailto:support@thefreshpass.com)
<!-- - **By visiting this page on our website:** [Your Contact Page URL] -->
